doc: Added a documentation on testing and debugging. (#790)
openfoodfacts/robotoff: doc/explanations/testing-and-debugging.md

> Robotoff is an API that pulls prediction data, annotation data, product data, nutrition data from MongoDB database in Open Food Facts server.

Author: I could remove this introduction if required.

But if the user does not understand this they wouldn't understand why they should use Factory or write test cases when Robotoff connects to the OFF server.

# This documentation intends to:
1) Familiarize you on running our test cases.
2) Give you some tips from getting stuck if you are working only on Robotoff and don't need complete installation of Open Food Facts server.

> **_NOTE:_** If you are on Windows we recommend using [Git bash](https://git-scm.com/downloads) to run commands.

# How to generate data
We recommend  [Factory](https://factoryboy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to create some data in your local.

If you have installed Robotoff via Docker, you can run Python using Poetry and execute Factory like so:
```

> $ docker-compose run --rm api poetry run python

Author: `docker-compose run --rm api poetry run python` only starts the api for me and does not give me a console to run the commands. Since you had once suggested me to use this in our Slack conversation, I have added in the document.

@alexgarel  let me know if I should keep or remove the command.

...
> from tests.integration.models_utils import *
> PredictionFactory()
````

Another way to run Factory is to use [PDB](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pdb.html):

```
$ COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=robotoff_test docker-compose run --rm workers poetry run pytest --pdb terminal.
```

This will start a PDB console. You can then run your Factory - 
```
(Pdb) from tests.integration.models_utils import *
(Pdb) PredictionFactory()

> ```

Reviewer: Keep the first one (without pdb, but invoking python REPL) not this second way of doing.

```
$ COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=robotoff_test docker-compose run --rm workers poetry run pytest
```

## How to run a single test case?

You need to specify the name of the test case you want to invoke.

Here is the syntax:

```
$ COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=robotoff_test docker-compose run --rm workers poetry run pytest  your.package.name::the_function_name
```

In this example we call `test_get_type()` from `tests/unit/insights/test_importer.py`

```
$ COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=robotoff_test docker-compose run --rm workers poetry run pytest tests/unit/insights/test_importer.py::TestLabelInsightImporter::test_get_type
```

# When to write your own test cases?

Write test cases to test and to understand the working of the function. For example: when you write code to post notifications on Slack channel you can test them only by writing a unit test case. 

There are instances when Robotoff tries to connect to MongoDB via Open Food Facts server. For local testing we do not yet provide a standarized approach to add a MongoDB Docker in the same network and configure Robotoff to use it.

In such cases we recommend either you write a test case of your own or use an existing one. 

> To identify when Robotoff connects to MongoDB keep an eye for variables like `server_url`, `server_domain` or `settings.OFF_SERVER_DOMAIN`.

Author: The purpose here was to help the user understand -

while reading the code that variables like `server_url` or `settings.OFF_SERVER_DOMAIN` meant Robotoff will try to connect to MongoDB.

But you have explained MongoDB in the suggestions (I have also committed it).  I think I should edit out this line.

> To identify when Robotoff connects to MongoDB keep an eye for variables like `server_url`, `server_domain` or `settings.OFF_SERVER_DOMAIN`.

Reviewer: Oh no that's a good point indeed. But make it clearer:

```suggestion
To identify parts of the code where Robotoff connects to MongoDB or to Open Food Facts server (which are part you should mock), keep an eye for variables like `server_url`, `server_domain` or `settings.OFF_SERVER_DOMAIN`.
```

# Debugging

We encourage using PDB to debug. You can add the following lines in your function to find out what your it does and where it breaks.

```
import pdb; pdb.set_trace()

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

and then run the pytest, with the --pdb option:

```
COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=robotoff_test docker-compose run --rm workers poetry run pytest path/to/test.py::test_xxx --pdb
```

````
